Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are also going to have the products images over here and users are going to be
able to scroll horizontally.
Not to do this, we have to head back to our via code and over the size box.
We are going to have a triple camera and then we are going to create another size box and we can give
the size box a height.
And in order to make this more responsive, what we can then do is we can use the media query and dot
of contest and the size and dot height.
Then we just want to change it by times by 0.2%.
Okay.
You can try and save.
And as you know, the size box has a property known as child.
And for the child it's going to be this which you send before these for you to view the you can see
the list this view the builder has a property known as item builder which is going to take in the contest
and the hindrance.
And also the list view that beta has well has a property known as item counts for the item count.
We have to assess this top level variable via code image list.
And to do that we have to say widget, dot image list and dot lens.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is to return an image.
That's.
Network because this is a network image.
Right.
Okay.
And now we can call the image list rebel.
So.
We got the image.
At least.
And we have to assess each and every one of them.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
Now use control and save.
And check this out.
You're going to see it right now.
And you can see we are able to screw vertically defaults, right?
So what we can do is within the list view the view there.
It has a property known as screw direction and this is going to be how six to horizontal we can use
control and save.
Okay.
Cisco, you love this, right?
We can't just check for other images.
And I think I have some products for electronics category.
You can see Sims go.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.